Customer portal (#148)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/shop_administration/customer_portal.md

---
description: Customer Portal allows your clients to create and manage business account for their company.
---

> # Customer Portal account

Reviewer: Should this have an Experience badge like customer management?

Customer Portal allows you to create and manage your business account.

> With this feature, you can easily edit your organization information,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this feature, you can edit your organization information,
```

invite and view members and check your order history.

![Customer Portal Dashboard](img/cp_dashboard_customer_portal.png)

In the dashboard, you will find a sales representative of your company and a brief summary of your order history.
For a detailed list of your order history, go to **Pending Order** and **Past Orders** sections.

## Manage members

To view and manage members of your company, go to the **Members** section.
There you can:

- change the status of each member
- change their role
- edit their basic information

![List of members](img/cp_members_portal.png)

To invite new members to your organization, select **Invite members**.
Then, in a pop-up window fill out email addresses one by one,

> or use a drag and drop feature to upload a file with an email list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or use drag and drop to upload a file with a list of emails.
```

Assign a role to each new member of your team from a drop-down list.
Click **Send** to send out invitation emails.

![Invite members](img/cp_invite_members_portal.png)

Invited users will receive an email message with a registration link.
With it, they can register and create their account in the Customer Portal.

In the **Invitation** tab, you can find a list of all invitations,

> registration links and option to re-send invitations if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
registration links and the option to re-send invitations, if needed.
```

![List of invitations](img/cp_invitations_list_portal.png)

## Address book

> If you want to add a new billing address or change the default one, you can do it in the **Address Book** section.

Reviewer 2: I think this is similar to what I mentioned before, there is only one billing address (that is required during company creation) so there is no way to add a new one.

Author: corrected in https://github.com/ezsystems/user-documentation/pull/151
